welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead season 11 episode 8. and
remember the best way to watch new
episodes of the walking dead is on amc
plus click the link in the description
to sign up now and join in for this epic
final season this is it the mid-season
finale or the third of the way through
finale because this final season has 24
episodes but in any case it's time for
the big showdown against the reapers
maggie has used the whisperer's
techniques to herd this horde of zombies
to the reaper compound and when this one
reaper goes to lead them away oh he ends
up surrounded and our guys do the dodge
and the knife just like the whispers did
wild meanwhile alexandria just can't
catch a break they were barely holding
together and now a horrible storm's
coming through to tear it apart long
story short though not too much happens
here when they're surrounded by walkers
it's rosita who goes out there to take
them all down herself big bad ass moment
and little judith grimes encourages the
other little girl here gracie tells her
not to be afraid but when the walkers
get in they don't make it upstairs with
the adults they end up trapped in the
flooding basement now back to the
reapers the zombie horde is still here
and daryl's seen this before he figures
it's his friends doing the whisperer's
trick pope's not too worried though
because he's got land mines planted out
there oh that's not good in fact negan
and maggie's random friend get blown up
a little bit but oh they shake it off
they're okay meanwhile maggie and father
gabriel make it through they're trying
to sneak in and it's daryl undercover
with the reapers who's here to help him
out he goes to the one guy that he's
befriended it's his smoking buddy but
it's like hey man don't you know smoking
will kill ya and oh takes this guy out
but now daryl and leah are in charge of
preparing the reaper's secret weapon
what is this beast it's a huacha a
renaissance korean rocket propelled
arrow launcher but now that daryl has a
moment alone with leah hey girl sorry
about this but i'm undercover i really
do like you though i know you're a good
person so please defect on the reapers
and come with me but oh lee is
conflicted she agrees that pope's gotten
kind of crazy lately but still this is
her family meanwhile maggie's gotten
inside and hot wires her old truck to oh
yeah i ran the gate letting the zombie
hoard in some reapers charge in there to
fight him off but pope's like hey time
to unleash the watcha lee is like whoa
our brothers are in there they'll get
hit and pope's like well if that's god's
choice then that's what it is and so
daryl can't wait anymore he reveals
himself and gets ready to fight pope but
it's leah who gets him in the neck oh
pope you got too bad daryl's like good
job i'm proud of you thanks for coming
back over to the light side but what's
this leah radios the other reapers that
daryl killed pope oh leah pulls out kylo
ren she killed snoke but stan on the
dark side but because of the love they
once shared she lets daryl run away so
maggie's down there fighting reapers
she's got father gabriel up in the tower
with a sniper rifle sweet negan's there
too as well as maggie's random friend
and now daryl's here to join in but the
reapers get the order to fall back it's
like hey did we win but it's not over
yet kylo leah's up there with the huacha
and she fires it oh and that's where the
episode comes to an end ah they hit us
with a cliffhanger how will the battle
with the reapers end find out in part
two of the final season which returns
february 20th and you know the best way
to watch those new episodes is on amc
plus if you've been waiting to watch the
new season now's the time to sign up and
binge through these first eight episodes
and while the walking dead is going on
break the walking dead universe is just
ramping up fear the walking dead season
seven returns october 17th and after
season six's explosive finale things are
getting wild with amc plus get early
access to each episode the week before
so click the link in the description and
sign up for amc plus now and join in for
this final season of the walking dead
and the expanded walking dead universe
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you loved
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member